[Music]
hey everyone welcome to the smart
economy podcast a production of neo.com
I'm your host Dylan Grabowski in this
episode of the smart economy podcast I
sat down and spoke with John farjo and
Joe viani the co-founders of lunar Crush
a social media insight and sentiment
analysis platform in this discussion we
spoke about how social media metrics
determine the appetite for specific
digital assets the metrics and
categories that lunar Crush as a
platform follows how AI has improved the
team's ability and its processes
democratizing information asymmetry the
forthcoming rise of AI agents and so
much more just a reminder nothing said
on this podcast is a solicitation to buy
or sell any tokens and that the guests
or hosts my whole tokens discussed and
any given episodes you can head over to
www.newsday.com to see a disclaimer if
you enjoyed this episode please rate and
review it on your favorite podcasting
platform and share it with your friends
and family every rate review like and
comment really helps us reach more
people and bring you more of your
favorite guests
with all that said I really enjoyed
chatting with John and Joe and I hope
you enjoy the conversation too hey
everyone welcome to the smart economy
podcast today we're joined by the
co-founders of lunar Crush Joe vzan and
John farjo how you guys doing today
doing well Dylan thanks for having us my
man yeah I'm really excited and I'm
gonna give a disclaimer in the intro but
I also just want to do another
disclaimer we're probably going to be
venturing into the realm of speculation
today because we're talking about
markets and D and all this so obviously
to anyone who's listening to this this
is none of this is financial advice but
all that said I'm really excited to dig
into the conversation and to kind of
jump into the deep end I just wanted to
ask from both of your perspectives how
can social media data that you guys
glean and use for insights for sentiment
analysis outperform traditional
indicators for for markets
cryptocurrency markets equities what
have you so I like my question back
would must be what are traditional
indicators for
cryptocurrencies right like when we
started there was public blockchains
right like I guess you could say number
of transactions or number of holders
right people were kind of looking at you
know maybe number of like GitHub commits
right but there like well what if
there's a private GitHub or you don't
always need to make a like a PR when
you're making an update to an app to
make it better right so you know it was
it was kind of a weird place I would say
to start to understand true indicators
and so when John and I were talking
about stuff in the early days it was
kind of like Community like Community
just drives everything and especially if
there are no Founders on a project or
it's super decentralized it's a
completely different way of looking at
Value this was long before Wall Street
bets right where like retail kind of
took over a little bit and and pushed
around Melvin capital I hope everyone's
watched that uh that movie it was
unbelievable but social media data is
King right now and it drives everything
I mean even look at something like a
poly Market in the last election right
like this is just people out there
talking about stuff what's the rumor
what's the news out there what's
happening uh so you need to be listening
I would say very intensely to social
media to understand what's moving
markets uh and it doesn't matter if it's
uh the presidential election if it's
Silicon Valley Bank making a bad Equity
raise or if it's Dogecoin and the
department of government efficiency
right these are all rumors and like
things that are swirling and it's rumor
and then it's true and so for us that's
what we do like we listen to social
media data at scale 50 million post an
hour across different networks to help
people understand that and so I'd say
like there's no such thing as
traditional indicators anymore I'll add
and I'll get I'll get more specific in
in terms of like correlations and I
think there's always the question of did
the Market Drive Social or did social
Drive the market and there's a lot of
ways to look at that and I think we
don't just um analyze crypto right we
analyze lots of things stocks we analyze
the US election we could have told just
six months ago Trump looked like he was
going to win um in fact consistently
throughout that six months we could have
told you it looked like Trump was going
to win and and what I mean by that is
it's not a personal preference or
anything like that it's it's a look at
Social from the standpoint of it being
multi-dimensional um his sentiment was
more positive that's kind of one way to
look at it the number of creators
posting about him unique people humans
always higher the number of post that
those humans were making always higher
the engagement in those posts always
higher and when you look at it
competitively and that's just social
we're not even talking about the market
data because when we get into crypto we
start to look at well what exactly has
momentum in the community
and and so when you look at Community
the most socially correlated I guess
sector of crypto Is MeMe coins and so
when you look at meme coins you know we
we've looked at Dogecoin since the
beginning and we we've SE we've seen
every time that social kind of starts
moving up we sort of start to see Market
activity move up we sometimes see price
move up and then when you look at it
over time you go wow it's like exact and
so a good example is the other day may
or may not have heard of this ass ass I
hadn't heard of it until our system
picked it but there's an asset called
first convicted raccoon Fred is the
ticker okay and so our our system picked
it up it was just launched I think 24
hours before we picked it up and our
system saw social momentum it's trading
volume moving up and it kept seeing it
and it kept seeing it to the point that
it had more momentum than every other
asset that we were looking at at that
point and so it picked it as a coin of
the day that's what system does so it
just picked it as coin of the day as a
standout asset hey check it out not a
it's not an advocate advocating to go
buy it or anything like that it's like
hey this there's something going on here
you might want to take a look and it
picked it up I think it's three 4 days
later it's up
1,000% and so when you look at that what
what happened when we Look Backwards we
see never- ending social velocity
increasing and so I think when you look
at it through the lens of meme coins it
really becomes clear when you look at it
through the lens of maybe Bitcoin which
is more macro correlated you end up
seeing that it's sort of these
interesting Global topics that start to
come up like is it going to be part of
the our Reserve our states going to
start making it part of their reserves
are the Saudis buying like you you get
these kind of different narratives
versus a direct correlation with like a
community-driven token so using Fred's
specifically like what is it that you
guys can deduce using the platform or
just your insights because lunar Crush
was established in 2018 so we'll go into
the background in a minute but this is
really interesting because like Fred
pops up out of nowhere and then a few
days later it's up whatever how do you
guys kind of deduce what the common
factors are for these tokens that just
kind of have these parabolic runs up is
it like a cabal of secret insiders is it
like a random lightning striking once or
maybe being able to capture lightning in
a bottle what are the common
commonalities and similarities that
random meme coins that gain traction
have um are you able to deduce that or
is it like a little bit of different
variables with each time there's a
success you can talk about that a little
bit like I would say it's it's random
right like the meme coins that take off
it is mostly lightning in a bottle right
and so what we're doing because if you
go on pump. fun or base. fun and you see
you know you probably would have saw
they probably had like maybe 50 100
different like iterations of first
convicted raccoon before it went off
right but then one of them with the
correct little pixelated picture of a
baby raccoon somehow like that's the one
that's going to go right because it just
caught the eye somehow and so what we
kind of do is we're listening to a
number of mentions engagements right
like we're identifying these liquidity
pools are launched like very early on
how much liquidity is there right those
things get added to our system
automatically and then we start tracking
that and then we're ranking first
convicted raccoon against the rest of
the market with how many mentions it's
getting on social media and so if you've
got price performance you've got Market
volume and you have social all kind of
working together there's going to be a
high correlation between those three
it's probably going to beat the market
and so we have this thing called alt
rank so it's like alternative rank but
really it's altcoin rank for for
cryptocurrencies and it's ranking the
entire Market in real time every single
second about how many mentions are
coming through and so really those kind
of social metrics are
driving what's going on with that rank
obviously if like then it starts being
the market and it's just kind of giving
people a little bit of an idea of like
holy cow like there is a ton of people
mentioning this coin price performance
is is winning Market volume is now
winning and it just gives you a little
bit like higher confidence that this is
maybe a winner and this is real like
this community is real and so that's
really what we're trying to do is just
get out a little bit ahead and help
people who are subscribing to lush.com
to say like okay I feel in control of
the market because sometimes people
might say hey Fred's a rug bull like why
do you guys even have that data on there
and it's like well if we didn't have
that data people are still going to
invest in it anyway and so now they're
looking around for like trying to find
really good data for what's real and
what's not and they have nothing so it's
like we're trying to add everything that
we can so that we can help people
understand and and just try to delineate
between the real and what's not spam and
what's not so I'd say like all of those
metrics combined is really what helps us
understand like what's real and what's
not awesome I kind of want to take a
step back and just hear your Genesis
stories like what were the first times
you guys heard of crypto whether it's
Bitcoin or ethereum or some other coin
and did you have your aha moment right
off the bat or did it take some time for
you to kind of like grock what was going
on and accept that these are things that
are here to stay I got into Bitcoin in
2013 and it it happened is I was working
on a zombie project for
Hyundai and we we were zombifying a
vehicle and a guy that I was working
with went do you want Bitcoin I go
what's that crap what's that scam and
that was my Genesis moment of of of
crypto and then I I started researching
it going what the heck Joe and I worked
together and and we started talking
about it and we started going what's
this ethereum thing what's this Monero
thing what's what's I think Neo Neo was
the thing way back like what's this
thing what's like coin and and we
started realizing that gosh we're
finding this stuff on on on Twitter at
the moment at that time and it was like
yeah there's some stuff on Reddit too
but hey can we like like collect some of
that stuff and figure out how many
mentions there were of that coin today
versus yesterday can we discover new
assets on on social media and so it was
an experiment at first this wasn't a
company this was a tool that we wanted
to build over time it became a company
I'm really fast forwarding but like we
went through Tech Stars we got some
investors we expanded the team we built
it out and kept going and going and
going and and I'd say it's about 10
million iterations and here we are the
end of 2024 collecting as Joe mentioned
50 million post an hour on some hours
and and seeing the absolute Insanity
that's going on right now but it's it's
been a it's been a really wild ride to I
mean for starters to build out a user
experience that makes sense
to build to be a real business that's
also a fun one that takes a lot of
iteration and time but it's it's super
exciting and and even after all these
years and and all this growth that we've
had it's like record growth right now
it's crazy we're figuring it out right
we're scratching the surface of what's
possible here even after all of the
alpha and all of the insights that are
in LC crush.com there's still a lot more
to go and I think that's probably the
really exciting thing is like how do we
bring that value to like a broader
community that is really used to staring
at at Market metrics they're looking at
charts and they're look I can draw a
line on trading View and so it's
absolutely going to go there right look
it's this it's the Fibonacci whatever
pattern that it did this and that and
look I can explain it I could do a
really good tweet about it too the
reality is we have to understand what is
making these assets go up especially the
ones that are socially correlated to
such a high degree we have to really
dive under the hood to understand what's
happening and I think just one example
of that is like if I asked you guys
what's the utility of peanut the
squirrel token what about happy cat or
or Mei or or Luchi or act the was is it
Act One the AI prophecy fcoin what about
fcoin fcoin yeah which made it to coin
of the day today because it's standing
out apparently but you know it's like
you start to go and have some really
funny conversations and everyone laughs
and it makes you love some of these
assets and a lot of people go buy them
so it's it's kind of that simple but
there's a lot more under the hood there
so that's the 10,000 foot journey
there's like we could probably talk for
three hours of what we've gone through
but yeah a lot more all right maybe to
kind of build on that then so lunar
Crush you guys have said you're on your
millionth iteration right now and the
company as as it is today was founded in
2018 so what are some of the like what
are some of the similarities you've seen
in the past six years of lunar crush and
its operations and what are some ways in
which kind of social media has changed
the impact that some social tokens may
or may not have have you guys noticed
any kind of like lessons learned over
the years anything that's completely
different today from like the Ico craze
of 2017 18 yeah I mean for the from a
company perspective and a market
perspective like a lot has changed like
every once in a while I'll go and look
at way back machine and see what the app
looked like although I just read today
that like 2019 to 2023 is like deleted
on way back machine I don't know if you
guys saw that but yeah I don't know
maybe maybe we'll check into that who
knows the conspiracy theories are flying
around but it's always fun to to go back
and look at that because you kind of you
go out with an idea of what you kind of
want to build and like a little bit of
like a thesis or a hypothesis about what
you want to test and see if it kind of
works right and then you think like okay
things are going to get formalized and
we're going to be this company and then
like things are going to grow and that
thesis is going to be the same and at at
the same time it's it's no you're just
you're constantly just testing and you
have to like reinvent yourself right
based on what the market has right like
even like nfts like when we started the
crush it was just like probably 1,800
cryptocurrencies that vcoin and Bitcoin
private and all these things that we
were following and then it was okay now
there's 10,000 okay now there's 20,000
do we hold all 20,000 cryptocurrencies
some of those are like why are we
tracking social for something that's
dead and then it was oh nfts kind of
came on the scene and so you have to
make a decision like do you just like
ignore that or do you like start to
follow that and that's like another
thing that you have to add more recently
like ordinals or runes got added right
and then at some point we said okay like
Wall Street bets was kind of starting to
happen we're like oh people on the stock
market in around 2020 when this started
to happen and that Robin Hood class came
in we're like okay people are trading
stocks kind of like they were trading
crypto or memecoins a little bit like
this is getting crazy retail is there
too oh we need to kind of surface that
market a little bit and then you go fast
forward a little bit further and it was
like wait a minute like the the data
science department at Sketchers has 80
people trying to figure out like are
things impacting the products that are
going on as use Sketchers as a random
example but like apple Vision Pro is a
example that we just used recently right
like there's this huge spike in social
engagement for Apple Vision Pro and then
it goes straight down to like almost
zero so like we probably could have told
you when the app like three weeks after
Apple Vision Pro was launched that that
product might not make it because of
that one signal right and then there's
another thousand signals that people
actually have that they kind of put
together when making these guesses but
social is now kind of cemented itself as
one signal sentiment data that you need
to be paying attention to when you're
making these kind of like high-profile
decisions on like your portfolio or
Investments or if you're a marketer we
kind of say if your if anything
Financial in your day-to-day revolves
around social media in some way like
lunar crush is probably going to be
useful to you and as the market is kind
of grown so have we and so has like the
sectors that we've started to service
and so naturally it's like just kind of
becoming this big thing where more more
and more people are now on social media
and they need this data yeah and so John
I kind of want to ask you to follow up
on this then can you kind of predict
from like a company level that a social
media campaign is really going to strike
gold and and and make it to the top of
the charts or is there also a bit of
Randomness that's involved uh Joe was
just mentioning that you could tell that
the Apple glasses weren't necessarily
going to make it from like a market wide
perspective because their socials
weren't taking off was that an issue
with Apple's social media campaign or
was it just clear that it wasn't kind of
one of those lucky things that that
strike social media that really took off
I would so i' go back to earlier how I
mentioned social media is
multi-dimensional it's not like there's
just mentions that we track you have to
look at like who's most influential how
many people are talking about it each
day and it's not it's not a marketing
team at Apple I mean part of it is but
it's like what is the consumer saying
how many consumers are saying something
and I think when you look at the breath
of the number of consumers that were
talking about Apple Vision Pro it wasn't
enough and still not enough and so when
you look at that and go okay so if no
one's talking about it no one cares
about it do you think they're going to
walk into to Best Buy do you think
they're going to go to Apple's website
and drop 3500 bucks for a brand new gen
one product probably not and I'd say
it's not so much a perfect science
in that you can only look at the number
of social posts and make sense of
everything and I think this is a lot
where Market data comes in I want to
pick on layer ones for a minute here you
mentioned the things that have changed
along the way I mean let's go way back
you were building on ethereum there you
go it's done that's it ethereum at one
moment was what we call Web 3 and like
there was nothing else and there was no
cardano there was no B&B there was no
Avalanche there was like and so I think
when we look at what's happening at a
layer one level like salana oh my gosh
like when we look at salana the velocity
and the the growth of of salana is just
unbelievable especially over the last
year but I would go back and I would say
even when it was like the FTX coin
basically owned by huge stake and all
this stuff and like it was wild times
even before the FTX disaster salana had
a really broad based Community talking
about all the time and I mean the number
of people and the number of posts they
would make real humans because we we do
filter through spam as great as we can
and it's it's sort of like you saw there
was a ground swell of community around
salana and now what do you see you see
this Narrative of oh it's going to
outperform ethereum what did it just do
when you when you look at it oh that's
where the meme coins are going to be
built next because it's cheaper it's
faster and it's easier to deploy so and
then you get into these other narratives
like it's it's broadening out now
there's like a narrative around s we we
saw s moving when it was way under a
dollar and there's sort of this like hey
that's the Libra team from meta or from
Facebook that that's behind that thing
and they're extremely intelligent like
they have a and and so you see this this
big ground swell around sui and then
some cardano but it it it's up it's down
it's up it's down there's love there's
hate it's it's a weird difference but
like you get you get these kind of
broader group of layer ones happening I
think in that that is wild I mean I
guess if you look at it as like each of
them has shelf space of so much they can
have on each of these chains and what
gets built on it gets really exciting
when you think about it and like salana
was not known as like the meme token
chain before it wasn't and I'd say it is
now and so it's just it's interesting to
see it broaden out like Beyond just like
e it's just multiplying yeah so if you
go to lunar Crush sorry to cut you off
you just kind of went in and out there
for a second but I want to add or build
on top of what you were just saying if
you go to lunar Crush you not only see
like tokens but you also see other
categories uh major events we were just
talking about the US presidential
elections that happened a week and a
half ago now you can kind of see all
these different categories where we
might be able to pick up the pulse of
what's happening on social media how do
you guys kind of figure this out as
you're going along because lunar Crush
has grown from just like L1 and and
token analytics to what's going on in
the broader Zite Guist so if you guys
created a process for being able to
notice when something is trending and
being able to quantify it and add it to
like a category on your website and
maybe even name an unnamed thing as
something that should be followed what
are kind of the steps or the things that
you've intuited over the years that
you've been able to create
objective qualifiable sort of metrics
for and are you able to kind of just
like see Trends and put your like giving
them a name before they even start
really really good question and I would
say in the early days it was us kind of
prescribing a token name right and then
we would go look at that community and
figure out how they talk about
themselves right and then those kind of
keywords and there'd be like inclusions
and exclusions and duplicates and all
those things like adding a a subject or
adding a topic to lunar Crush was not
just something that it wasn't just like
oh we pick up a price and there's a
liquidity pool and like you're done
right it wasn't just like a pricing
aggregator right like aggregating social
is super super messy and so we would
kind of look at those things and and we
still have to do a lot of manual work
right that's kind of like what the
secret sauce is about what we do is like
we put in that work a lot of people when
they tried to build like a sentiment
provider they would just like call
Reddit post news or something like they
didn't want to put in the work and we
have but you know when we started to add
these other categories we we did pick
those categories and we just started
like hey here's the it's pretty easy to
know all the PGA tour players right it's
pretty easy to know all the NFL teams
right but then when you extrapolate that
out it's like well where do you stop
right do you also follow every single
individual player is that player also a
celebrity right just like is Taylor
Swift she's a musician and a celebrity
well what qualifies someone as a
celebrity and so what we've kind of done
is we've created a system that if
something's trending like we're going to
we're going to pick up that topic and
like it's not something that needs to
get manually added by us and so I would
say as AI has evolved when we first
started it was like tensor flow in a
little machine learning library to like
train is this bullish or is this bearish
or neutral that was it and like the
Breakthrough that's happened in the last
18 months in AI has allowed us to do a
lot more when it comes to kind of
understanding what's trending how are
keywords kind of correlating like John
just saidu right like if you're talking
about you're we have related topics
you're also talking about salana Doge
ethereum right maybe Bitcoin and so we
do that same thing for topics to really
understand like what's trending and so
yes like sometimes there's some like
really interesting weird topics that
start to Trend and we just pick it up
automatically right like right now the
top three things are Elon Musk Donald
Trump United States of America Matt
Gates Right like if you went back even a
week ago it was just Donald Trump or a
couple weeks Donald Trump KLA Harris
Elon Musk right then as you go down the
list a little bit there's other things
that are like kamla's already fallen to
13 right like if you were buying and
selling that you'd be like selling kamla
right now and you'd be like buying Mike
Tyson because like maybe there's like a
fight coming up and he's already number
17 and so these are not these are not
topics that we are adding manually to
lunar Crush right this is the system
just basically the same thing that we do
with crypto just learning and
understanding and uncovering what's
happening and all we do is just report
on that yeah I think I think a major
difference between today and 2018 when
you guys started is the kind of like
this wide use of AI and machining
machine learning so there has to be kind
of a full-time team that you guys now
have dedicated to advancements in Ai and
machine learning so what does that look
like how do you guys keep your finger on
the pulse so that you can add maybe not
agents today but maybe agents in the
future or llms or just like these
processes that are EMP powered by Ai and
and machine learning what's that like
because it seems like it's a whole new
realm of of focus Beyond just like
scrapping social media AI is like
advancing every month exponentially so
do you guys have your own team that's
dedicated to following this what does
that look like from your end I could
take it John if you want it and you can
I'll add color to it but go for it yeah
yeah I mean I would say it's actually
the exact opposite we've have less
people than we had before and I think AI
has allowed for like a crazy amount of
productivity if you're startup like I
kind of think about it like this like we
used to work at Hyundai and they have
apps and they have all these things but
it's like you wouldn't say that Hyundai
because they you have to transfer from
local machines to the cloud is now like
a cloud company right and I think a lot
of startups are you know every startup
in the valley is now utilizing AI in
some way in their products it has you
have to be utilizing it and whether it's
in direct ly integrating into your
product or your team is using it if
you're not using it on a day-to-day
basis you're falling behind
exponentially you know what we've been
able to do I think with the small team
has been pretty incredible to kind of
weave in different use cases of AI uh
into lunar Crush I think that kind of
keyword relation is a huge piece to that
I think we have a we have a new kind of
summary coming out on all of our Pages
where we're utilizing large language
models to kind of summarize what's up
with every single topic that's on the
site and so kind of add a glance you'll
be able to know like hey Bitcoin you
know is up x amount in the last month
here's like the recent news in the last
hour here's who are the people like just
kind of taking all that noise and
bringing it down to Signal something
we've always tried to do but like AI I
said I think is like sharpening the
pencils a lot but yeah it's it's
changing every day and you have to be
utilizing it I mean our API is utilized
and we're working with a bunch of just
kind of like teams all over the place
and utilizing different layer ones and
like these AI agents are out there in
our Ai and our our API is powering a lot
of those then people are utilizing
social they're utilizing our scoring
it's like I'm sure you've seen kind of
like the AI trading bot agents that are
out there like people are utilizing our
API to to power a lot of those which is
super cool because you need the social
data right you can't ignore it right
like even the AI like agents it was like
I think they gave them access to a
Twitter account and like the first thing
they did was like tweet something on a
reply and front run them right like how
would they have gotten the word out like
the AI has to do do the same thing as
humans were trying to do and so you need
social data to do that I'm going to add
that it when we look at AI it helps
uncover the signal through the noise
when you think of the volume of data
we're talking about that we that we
collect and analyze I mean every single
post gets scored and reviewed by AI so
like every single time something comes
in it's given a score and it's looked at
is this real is it from a human or is it
a bot is it a duplicate post like so we
we use we use AI kind of understand
what's already going on but it's if you
kind of think about what it means is
like let's say that you know something
related to Elon and Trump moves Bitcoin
we see that there's there's a whole
bunch of activity around some related to
bitcoin and there are the reasons why we
can use AI to help notify our users of
hey here this is happening and you might
want to look into it or this happened
and it resulted in X so I I think
there's a lot of different outcomes to
it but I think the the biggest thing is
just to think about the scale of chatter
it's just so immense and so I guess when
you look at AI from our standpoint it's
it's like like yeah there's a whole ux
layer to this how do we implement this
in a way that makes sense for people at
scale where I mean you don't want 87
million notifications a day either and
so how do we do this at scale and so the
ux matters a lot but it's it's also like
well what what is the output that that
we're going to deliver to our user to
give them the value they need whether as
a Trader an investor it's actually kind
of funny too when you think about
investor I mean literally everything in
the world's going to be beted on we
might be used to like sports betting and
things and and like yeah there's poly
market and all that but literally we're
getting towards this world of everything
you can wager on and so I think that's
that's a big element when we think about
what we're doing is like just because
something doesn't have market trading
activity that we currently know of
doesn't mean it always won't and so I
think that's something we look at with
AI how do we give that Alpha to a user
in a meaningful way consensus this year
I went to a talk and one of the the
highlights that I I walked away from it
was that a lot of the first 1 billion
users in crypto maybe in 2017 2018 when
lunar Crush first started we were
talking about the first billion people
on Earth who are going to be using
crypto but at consensus this year my
mind was kind of blown because they were
saying the majority of the first billion
users on these blockchain networks will
probably have a large percentage of AI
agents so I'm curious are you guys able
to kind of start getting a pulse for the
amount of agents that are coming online
and starting to use crypto networks are
you able to kind of scrape through
social media sentiment and see which one
of these um accounts are AI agents
themselves are you able to kind of like
maybe have some inside ball with the the
API that's being used and you're kind of
getting a a sense of how many of these
new clients or customers are leveraging
API for agents I'm just like really
curious to hear a little bit more about
your insights into the outlook for how
AI agents are going to become more
prevalent as onchain users yeah I think
it's going to be huge and you can
already see it's like the seed has been
planted and I it's like I I had to go
back and watch like Transcendence again
I don't know if you guys have seen it
but it it's like we're we're literally
not that many steps away from where that
obviously like when he starts coming out
of the ground or whatever like that
we're pretty far away from there or they
keep in the air or whatnot but this the
the one thing that kind of Sparks my
mind with that is once the AI was kind
of released it was like the first thing
was like go to the financial markets and
get as much money as you can and like
right now it's like obviously these
agents are run on the cloud somewhere
you could just like a human can just
turn them off or like you can turn off
that cloud or like you can turn the
power off I think what's going to be
interesting is when the agents you
actually like cut the cord and it has a
private key and maybe it has enough
smart Contracting code like to be free I
would say and whether that's on bitcoin
or ethereum or one of the other chains
and it's like are you going to stop
ethereum because this one AI agent is
now out there and then how many outlets
does that AI agent have to cross Bridges
to go to exchanges could that AI agent
then use humans as proxies and say hey
like open open a coinbase account for me
and I'll send some money to you right
like these things are going to
potentially happen I think right now
we're just on the the early we're just
in the early stages of that of just can
an AI agent trade better and I think
ultimately the answer is going to be
100% yes like the a agent could be awake
247 it can automatically adjust its
algorithms based on Market it's going to
have real-time data across social media
it's going to have like access to
multiple different Chains It's going to
be able to utilize the bridges and I
think a lot of I bet a lot of these
hedge funds are really taking a a very
serious look at how do they kind of just
send out prompts and so I think kind of
whoever creates maybe this platform that
allows for just like launching these
agents out like I just I was working
with another team yesterday I just typed
into there hey create a meme coin that
has this many this circulating Supply
right and I want it to be I I named it
like like I like jimmi Hendricks I just
named it Jimmy boom 3 seconds later I
now have a meme coin right that I can do
anything with and now we're going to
have give it give it another month right
and the next line the next prompt would
be hey create a liquidity pool on this
thing with here done like hey tweet out
this piece here done and hey grow a
community over on Discord with this idea
done like hey use your own like
mentality to kind of figure out what the
icon should be or the Avatar should be
or like create 5,000 memes and post them
out done so now you just have this
extension and it's the same with
everything else but I think it takes out
a different life with the ability that
like we now have money on the internet
is a completely different thing like
it's one thing to have like if you're a
10x developer and you would just tell
someone on your team like hey man can
you go write this service that pulls you
know this price from over here and maybe
that person comes back like in a week
right you got to audit it you got to
look at it if you're a really really
good developer and now you just have to
prompt and you say hey AI write this
service that does this and that's done
in 5 minutes right just think about the
time period you just scaled 7 Days down
to 5 minutes right so like that's like a
a
100,000% increase in productivity with
just that alone right so now you
extrapolate that onto financial markets
specifically cryptocurrencies where it's
all open and it's decentralized it's
going to be an absolute just
explosion of innovation that happens
over there and so we're just like I
would say we're all looking at it right
now I don't know if I'm terrified or me
neither I don't know can't figure it out
I mean because like humans are pretty
bad at this themselves I mean just look
at all the scams that came out from the
Ico boom look at like the food tokens
that came out during defi summer like
that I start to worry about are we going
to start seeing scams pop up left and
right with these AI agents and like
their ability to launch a meme coin and
and create like a false Community but
humans are equally bad at this
themselves so I don't really want to
like blab the point and and bring bring
us down like a a negative black hole so
maybe to kind of like zoom out for a
second who are some of the the clients
that you guys are working with a lot if
you go to your website you can see some
like really high-profile names and
entities that that are working alongside
lunar Crush so like maybe who are some
of your long-standing clients what are
the types of verticals that you're
finding people who want to uh deploy the
services that lunar Crush offers are you
starting to talk with different typ of
of of companies entities and different
verticals what does that kind of look
like today and and maybe you have some
insights into the different types of
folks who will be employing you for your
services in the future sure yeah I mean
we've had like some big exchanges that
have been in the client roster for a
long time like Queen base is a customer
of ours and they've got a really cool
implementation on their explore Pages
where they bring in like social media
data um you know to kind of help with
SEO and then a couple other exchanges
actually do very similar things we've
got a relationship with Kraken and
they're building out something pretty
cool uh okx uh is another one so I would
say like three of the top five exchanges
especially to being in the US and then
we do work with a ton of I would say
professional Traders uh hobbyists
professional Traders I would say that's
kind of like our second biggest like
like API user where you've got a lot of
people that have you know like like
everyone's got their own strategy about
how they want to trade and how they want
to utilize their their Capital so a lot
of people got a bunch of really
interesting ideas is and I would say
that like that's the beauty of social
media data right like what you see at
lunar crush is just one iteration of
what can be built with social media data
you can build anything on top of that
data and I think it's it's a really cool
data set to go do that with right and so
whenever we you know I I just talked to
a PhD student from Oxford yesterday
right and they've got their own he's
like going down he's like a kid in Candy
Store like figuring out like oh how does
this metric work how do I do that oh I
can do this and it just starts to go off
and so I think servicing those markets I
would say it's probably like like a
little bit more fun because we get to
strategize and ideate and kind of lead
people down and we have our a lot of our
own ideas but I would say like we like a
lot of people always ask us like why
doesn't lunar Crush like create like a
fund or or do this it's like well we
like we enjoy servicing that market and
kind of being I would say like picks and
shovels in that industry where it's like
we get to work with a bunch of really
smart people and operate a cool platform
but yeah we're we're constantly out
there talking to those people but our
our largest like customer base is just
like regular folks like consumers that
are out there Traders and we tried to
aot a lot of the tool set that we have
like a lot of Institutions have had
something kind of similar they probably
spend millions of dollars a year keeping
something like this up and running and
they use it for internal tools to trade
and so what we've done is kind of
democratized the opportunity and taken
that millions of dollars a year in cost
down to $30 a month for probably a a
much more in-depth and robust system
than what even a lot of these like hedge
funds have internal so like if you're
utilizing lunar Crush you're now
utilizing a tool that is giving you an
edge against all these the big boys that
are out there and John maybe you can
provide an answer from this and and I
hope it's not coming off as crash but
like when you look at like a lot of
these large scale Traders they'll have
paid groups and if you're so good at
trading why do you have to have a paid
group so I guess my question is is can
you if if like lunar Crush offers all
these insights into tokens that are
popping up and rising up like aren't
people just becoming like obscenely
wealthy using the data and information
that's provided maybe you can help kind
of like combat my myopic view of of how
anybody can just like keep swinging for
the fences and find those like 100 X's
using using the the platform I mean I'm
not sure if like there's a real question
there but like the kind of sentiment and
underlying context is something that I I
keep thinking about whenever I look at
this and I'm like wow the answers are
are right in our hands like are all your
users just becoming like super mega
wealthy millionaires I'd say that's The
Hope right like I mean if if you became
a super mega wealthy millionaire using
lunar Crush are you ever going to cancel
you know are you going to upgrade when
we have a new tool what about are you
going to what if we have an Enterprise
plan that that lets you and your friends
share some very unique data that you
only you can access you going to upgrade
to that yep yeah you are you're going to
go use the API and build some custom
applications build trading Bots build
whatever yep so I think the more
successful we can make our users great
but I mean that the the reality is the
market is not flat it is so Dynamic I
mean you guys were just talking about AI
agents trading and all of that well I
would counter that with what chain are
they on great you can launch a token
real easy now well what chains it on
because you know what I might not be as
risk you know risky there I just want to
invest in that chain because I I think
that that eventually all that money that
flies into that mem coin or whatever it
is that gets launched it's going to
settle on that chain you know if it's
happening on salana eventually it's
going to probably hit salana you've seen
the the Peaks and valleys on all these
assets that pop up and die great that's
great I want to see which layer one has
that most social activity and most
projects launched on it because that is
nothing but great for that chain and so
I think we know when you look at it like
can we make users wealthy oh man that
that's a great world like that's huge
everyone's successful that that's the
world we want that's great just to piggy
back on that too Dylan is like lunar
crush is one of the signals that I think
a lot of these people look at and it's
like once you start looking at it you
can't it's really hard to look at the
market without it but you know again
like if you are on L crush and you look
up a custom term then you're like oh my
gosh this ticker's going crazy I'm gonna
invest in this then like you looking
like that token doesn't even exist yet
or you can't even you can't even invest
in it and so I think it's just like a
kind of a crazy example of you need you
do need to kind of have a holistic
approach to whatever you're doing and
then also you know everyone's every
every investor is an individual that has
a different strategy they're in a
different point in their life there are
different amounts of risk and then
they're also not our only customer right
like a lot of times we have we have some
great Creator data right like it's it's
cryptocurrencies is one piece of like
our topics but we also kind of service
these creators and so we're kind of
helping creators look at their own
accounts understand how many followers
do they have like how much engagement
they're getting on all of these posts
who are the people that are engaging
with them right and then for marketers
crypto being example like you now know
who like the top 10 people are that are
posting about your brand how do you
engage with them and so we built another
tool called Creator campaigns where
Brands can actually come in they can put
up a budget and say we in order to be
very transparent we know kol's or
influencers or creators as everyone
calls them it's not always transparent
who's paying who for what to post and
shield things right and so how do we you
know create some transparency there if
you're a project or a person whoever you
put up a budget you now see oh we got
200 people to post about this and here's
what we're trying to drive right and so
it's like kind of bringing all those
things together and then also data on
top of that like the the Sketchers
example I gave right or like if you're
an automotive brand right like that's a
completely different use case than like
hey I'm looking for first convicted
raccoon which I think has two C's and 1
o I found out this morning but like it's
just a different use case right that was
you it's amazing what people will buy
and sell in this space I want to add I
want to add to because Joe mentioned it
earlier he mentioned fart coin earlier
which is the coin of the day apparently
today automatically picked well we joke
we laugh we go oh that's weird oh let's
not talk about that one well you know
what
8,240 people have posted about that
since last month they've created
12,730 posts about it and if you would
have looked at the social activity
there's a there's an arc in it where it
it moved up came back down kind of died
and wait a minute it starts moving up a
lot a lot lot wait it's it's still going
wait it's still going price is up 6,000
from that moment and so it it's again
it's it may not add up perfectly to
everything but you start to go wait why
is there social activity what what's
going on over there what's happening I I
don't want to know what's going on over
there but but like the thing is it you
start to look at it as something to pay
attention to and and you start to
understand that like wait a minute
there's a ground swell who's going to
talk about that coin like holders are
going to talk about that coin like
you're not going to go and tweet out
anything about that coin if you have
nothing to do with it especially being
something so abstract and kind of gross
so like you're just not going to do that
to your reputation unless you're holding
it so direct correlation just it's just
exactly direct yeah and Dylan one thing
to to make you feel a little bit better
you said like is it just a bunch of rich
people getting richer right and I think
the example I give on this one and and
it's more of like an ethos for web 3 in
general is like coinbase which I like
I'm I love coinbase and like Gary tan
who I think is now like the YC he's had
of YC he put three 300K into coinbase
and I think maybe it's now it was worth
like 2.4 billion in 2021 maybe it's
worth like $5 billion right and so it's
like that's a great case of someone
having asymmetric like Advantage seeing
coinbase early he's an accredited
investor worth like at least a million
dollars or makes $200,000 a year if you
make $60,000 a year you can't even get
access to that investment right but you
can get access to Dogecoin and so if you
put like wouldn't you rather as opposed
to $300,000
turning into 5 billion wouldn't you
rather have 300,000 people just get a
new house and so like we don't know if
first convicted raccoon or fcoin is
going to be the next Dogecoin but the
idea that Dogecoin and shenu and floky
and some of these things exist slurf
whatever else it may be right there's
going to be a couple more of those right
just like there's only a couple unicorns
like there's only one coinbase right
there's one Uber like in one lift right
there's not a thousand lifts right and
so but if you do end up kind of picking
the or two right at least the average
person now has access to this type of
thing that like I said at least maybe
they can get a new house or a new car or
it can affect a broader scale and so I
think that's always kind of been the big
thing in our industry and the thing that
we fought over the last couple of years
that maybe is now opening up is they're
clamping down and really they're just
clamping down on the average everyday
person they're going after they were
trying to go after coinbase but they're
leaving FTX open and then we see what
happens so I think that though that the
Gary tan example like not not knocking
him I'm just saying it's a system that
he's in that we're in and he took
advantage of that which probably anyone
would if they could it's a flip on its
head of the system and so it's like
that's what people are like finally
people can go and see if fcoin goes to
100 billion right that that'll probably
get taken out of context if you cut this
thing down but it's like that's the
point I think that's super interesting
that it's kind of the thing that got me
in this industry is like the
democratization of opportunity and then
for where does lunar Crush sit we're a
data provider that gives that
democratization of of asymmetric
information yeah I love it what that's
such a headline too democratizing in
information asymmetry is amazing I think
we touched on this a little bit earlier
but in addition to social media tracking
data Data Tracking are you guys also
digging into onchain metrics do you also
have your own different scrapers for
these different blockchain networks do
you also kind of supplementing the
information that you lift from social
media trends analysis and whatnot and
kind of overlaying it with onchain
metrics we're we're not yeah we're not
yeah we're not an onchain data provider
I mean that data is out there it's it's
now super cheap almost to the point
where like it's free we obviously look
at a lot of those things like when
you're trying to categorize things
figure out what blockchain it's on how
do you understand if something's on
salana or ethereum or what's the
contract address right so we definitely
read those things and we understand
what's going on there but it's not
you'll probably see us add like telegram
data or you'll see us like dive into
Discord or like go to farcast or warcast
and start to kind of understand and
dissect conversation there's a lot of
just like a company decision there's a
lot of onchain data providers and the
price of that is probably going to go
very low and so it's just like a company
decision we're also super just
passionate about social John I don't
know if you had anything else to add I I
think we over time I we'll look at
certain metrics where it makes sense I I
think there's elements of it and I think
where it gets really exciting is if you
cross it with social so like like for
example number of creators that talk
about something versus number of holders
of that asset but then it's sort of
skewed because there are a lot of
holders on centralized exchanges as well
and so you start to you start to get to
a really kind of interesting point where
like how accurate is it well it's a
subset of the total holders of an asset
transactions well there's probably a lot
more transactions happening on
centralized exchanges versus dexes so it
definitely has a lot of value when cross
with social data I think we'll we'll do
some things over time but you know
there's we got a million other things to
do before we do that so we'll see we'll
see uh Joe just mentioned farcaster and
warp cast and something that I was
curious to hear your perspectives on is
what happens when we do have these new
social media platforms that do kind of
have their their moments in the Sun and
maybe even they start to attract new
users and and really start to take off
does that provide a new friction point
for lunar Crush because you guys have to
now uh study new social media ecosystem
and platform and figure out ways to lift
data points and add it to your platform
or as opposed to it becoming kind of
like a boon is it a new opportunity for
you guys are you excited when you see a
new social media platform take off is it
a new opportunity to add new data points
to your
platform sure yeah yeah that well we're
looking to always add more for sure I I
think that the question Becomes of like
like these decentralized social networks
the activity is so low it's really
really not there yet and everything that
we've seen hasn't really had that moment
it just it turns out people don't use
social networks because they have a
token just it's it's not a thing like
and and a lot of these networks have led
with that they've said oh oh we have a
token and users get rewarded with that
token it's not sustainable it's not a
business model and the real truth is it
hasn't really stoked interaction and
engagement so we we've reviewed some of
these tools and we just haven't found
that like we're talking a a fraction of
a fraction of a fraction versus say
something like X or Reddit or YouTube or
Tik Tok like really really small but but
but open for sure open for sure to add
more as some of these things grow I I
think there's the positive sides of
something like warp cast is it it's
public there's public clients people can
build on top of that right now they they
seem to be doing like probably the best
out of a lot of the other ones that have
come along I mean look what happened to
clubhouse right look what happen happen
to threads like no one's using these
things right and it's like even like and
like Facebook and threads shows you how
impossible social media is it's like
they ported like two billion users into
that and it still died right like that
is how hard these things are and so you
just like we talked about catching
lightning in the bottle you do you need
to catch something very specific if you
want to have a rise in a social media
Network and it's also tough to kill it
after it does have that so I think like
John said it's a very
small Niche but it doesn't mean it can't
grow to be something big and it's
definitely something that's like on our
radar and something that we look at and
we participate in a little bit you kind
of feel those things out like Telegram
and discord's another great one people
like oh how come you guys don't have
Telegram and Discord data and honestly
it's super noisy there's a ton of spam
it's like there's no signal there like
there's just not but there's a ton of
signal on these other networks that
people are pretty loud and proud to be
on yeah and in that same vein can you
guys also just share a little bit about
how poly Market
maybe added some complexity to what you
offer or maybe even added some new ways
to clarify some of the things that are
going on out there or maybe betting
markets really don't have an impact on
social I'm super bullish on poly Market
I'd love to work them like Shane if
you're listening out there I know I sent
you an email I'm sure the FBI has it now
but if you are still have access to your
email definitely respond to us we we
think that there's an amazing marriage
between poly market and lunar Crush data
especially the these kind of topics when
you look out there it's like Champions
League winner NBA champion uh Super Bowl
20 2025 I was I had it up while we're
here like this this is what I'm looking
at while we're talking right like Jake
Paul Mike Tyson like right like these
are all things that we're following in
real time and I we did look at actually
I sent it to him like I we look at KLA
Harris versus Donald Trump number of
mentions on social media versus the
prediction markets and it was like they
were mirror images of the mentions that
came up and they came down and Bam so
what we were saying is like this is
amazing data that if you are looking at
Poly Market you 100% need to be looking
at social media data and Mining social
media data and the mentions of what
people are talking about so yeah it's a
it's a it's an amazing product I'd say
it's the first like widely used consumer
app in crypto that's utilizing utilizing
cryptocurrency it's the it's the largest
app it's the first one that could take
us to a billion users we've not seen a
app layer being built that's like this
it's thus far it's been layer 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 9 10 gas Fe gas Wars defi
speculation and then Bitcoin right and
Bitcoin has a killer use case right like
Bitcoin is the use case like it it's
number one without Bitcoin none of this
happens um but it it's great to see poly
Market being built and like what a huge
Win For polygon right like polygon was
kind of I mean sndi like you're the man
I mean but it was there was definitely
some slippage happening on polygon
compared to S and aptose even ethereum
salana and all of a sudden polymarker
comes around and now they have the
number one app built on their chain
right which like like polymarker could
or polygon could just become polym
Market at some point so we'll see I want
to come back to something that's really
important here that you said which is
the Mike Tyson versus Jake Paul fight
because I actually have the data in
front of me of a comparison side by side
and there's some Alpha in here I know we
this is not Financial advice because I
know a lot will bet on this one is that
crazy to say this isn't financial advice
about Jake PA M Tyson you know really
say that about like the American Funds
now you're saying it about this this is
great so so I'm going to tell you
they're they're almost neck and neck
with the number of creators talking
about them each of them in the last 24
hours has had about 13,000 unique people
post about them each of them has had
about
19,000 social posts from those 13,00 is
people Jake Paul only 41% of those posts
are positive versus Mike Tyson 38%
positive so a little bit higher on Jake
Paul but Mike Tyson has 440 million
social engagements in all of those posts
versus Jake Paul only 353 million and
the alpha is not on X on this one the
alpha is on Tik Tok there's most of the
content and this is another interesting
point because being crypto people you
think the entire world is only on X
because you're on X for hours every day
you think there's nothing going on on
YouTube except a bunch of weird videos
and there's nothing going on on Tik Tok
nope depends on the topic depends on
what we're talking about and the rest of
the the norm worlds on on on Tik Tok and
so these guys are just smashing it on
Tik Tok so lots of activity and it's
also an interesting thought to think
that like the these guys are seeing Mike
Tyson and Jake Paul are seeing a lot of
social activity on Tik Tok well that's
not just like d some words text submit
done this is video content that people
are spending a lot of time creating
there's some thought behind it they're
getting a lot of Engagement that's even
another thing to read into which is like
people are literally dedicating their
own personal time to creating content
about these guys fighting and it's a
it's pretty immense this is like a
really big social fight there's a lot
going on with this one it's going to be
exciting I think the last question I
want to ask of each of you and I know
this is an impossibly hard question to
answer but if you could for
2025 what is the one Trend that each of
you are going to be following to see if
if a positive outcome comes from it for
me personally I'm going to go back to my
hat here Bitcoin because it isn't so
much like you're only watching Bitcoin
like when you watch Bitcoin you're
watching the world and we got a new
president and a whole new everyone Elon
Doge whatever it's called govern
government efficiency like you got all
these people coming in that are
extremely loose to crypto it feels like
they're they're like hey that's cool go
ahead and do that is what it feels like
versus everyone feels like they're going
to get sued they're going to wake up in
the morning the FBI is at their door
that's what it's just felt like it's
like and I I think and and by the way
the the thing with what's his name from
uh poly market yesterday getting his
phone taken away and his computers
that's just garbage that's just nonsense
and I I feel like we're getting to a
place where the world is opening up to
this and I think you see it through
Bitcoin and I think it translates
through everything else so I want to see
I want to see the number of people
talking about Bitcoin really Skyrocket
it's still been early days believe it or
not the people that are really talking
about it your your homies are just dming
you now about about hey dude do I buy
and you're like where the heck have you
been the last n9ine years that I've been
at 90k just fire that thing up buy my
bags go ahead like sure but but it's
like yeah that for me I want to see
Bitcoin social activity move to extreme
Heights that's what I want to see yeah I
got I got to Echo that I mean I I don't
think when we started lunar Crush that
we thought in only 2024 we'd be waking
up to maybe 2025 having a a Bitcoin
strategic Reserve at the United States
government I don't even know if we would
have thought nation states would be
purchasing Bitcoin and that even
happened a couple years ago one one
thing that would be a a huge paradigm
shift for the average person like right
now people can get access to bitcoin
obviously like from a an exchange like
you store chain kind of get some
non-custodial Bitcoin or whatever else
it may be but you can't get it at your
bank like if if you're on like just
imagine getting Bitcoin moving from your
checking account to just like use zel
across these Banks and just like buying
a little bit of Bitcoin or once there's
a button on chase.com that's like Round
Up to bitcoin right like and I think
once those things start to kind of find
their way in to credit unions to like
everything else I think it's just like
we live in a Bitcoin world and I think
that gets that starts to get really
really interesting for the rest of the
market like we John and I were just
listening to like Bob Bernett like he's
like amazing speaker on mining and it
was all about just block space not even
Bitcoin and all these Miners And it like
the competitiveness of just getting
block space to even clear your Bitcoin
transaction if you're in the open market
Maybe you have to wait six months to
clear a Bitcoin transaction it's like
well what are you going to do you're
going to transact on on l2s right and
then who's the who's the kind of the
clearing away winner there so I think
those are the things that are going to
start kind of coming up as I mean what
did he say it was only like 290 million
transactions a year can really happen on
bitcoin and there's billions of people
so we're we're there we're we're at the
point John's been saying it for the last
year there's not enough Bitcoin on
exchanges left that number is going down
and down and down well what happens when
the United States government tries to
add it also are they're not going to
give like Ross Alber like his Bitcoin
back they're just going to like let him
go and like they're probably he's
probably gonna get some Bitcoin too it's
like the US just has his Bitcoin maybe
maybe Tim will give it give it back to
him who knows but yeah there's I think
there's some really interesting
narratives there and like we just moved
15 years in the future so but ultimately
let's see if it happens right we don't
know for 100% fact I'd love to see the
poly Market odds on some of these things
like I think it's only like 30% on
whether there's going to be a strategic
Reserve or not and Trump literally said
at the Bitcoin 2024 conference there's
100% going to be a reserve but right
it's only a 30% so I think those things
are still TBD but I think that's what
everyone that's the only thing you can
be looking at next year yeah you know
it's interesting when you when you look
at the fact that I I I tweeted it this
morning no one's talking about the fact
that Bitcoin is literally running out
it's literally the available Supply is
down 100,000 Bitcoin over the last month
there's there's less there's about 10%
of total Supply on exchanges and it's
just straight down straight down
straight down keeps going today is the
lowest it's been all year and people
aren't talking about it they're they're
they're throwing out $100,000 price
targets are you kidding like that's like
10,000 away and we're running out of
Bitcoin I mean what like it's not even
real like and then what and then it
keeps running out like it's just it's
it's an interest world that we're we're
going to be in next year for sure this
has been a fantastic conversation I
think a great way to end on this is
maybe you guys could share a where
people can listen to your podcast and
find more of your content because you
guys release a slew of of amazing and
informational content out there and then
also share uh the best way that people
can reach out to you guys yeah I'd say
just check us out on lunar crush.com I
mean that's that's the main thing I
guess anyone listening to this if you
want a sneaky 25% off use lunar 25 to
get access to to the platform to go
write it down and yeah I mean just check
us out lunar crush on Twitter search
lunar crush on on YouTube John put some
great videos together recently about how
to use lunar Crush as an investor as a
Creator I'm at joez on Twitter I think
John's John farjo love to follow for
follow fired up well let's go guys this
was an awesome conversation thank you so
much for your time it's a pleasure
meeting youall at permission list and I
was really happy to hop on the mic and
share an hour with you guys I had a lot
of fun digging into crush and love to to
talk with some Deens who use some real
data behind their their thesis love it
thanks Dylan cheers guys well thanks for
tuning in to the smart economy podcast
to stay in the loop with all our latest
episodes and insights head over to
www.smart economy podcast.com and don't
forget to subscribe to our YouTube
channel for all of our video content if
you enjoyed today's discussion please
show your support by liking commenting
and reviewing this episode on your
favorite podcasting platform your
feedback helps us reach more listeners
and brings even better content your way
we'd also love to hear from you so
please drop a comment on Spotify or
YouTube and share which topics you'd
like us to discuss and who you would
like to see on the show and if you or
someone you know would make a great
guest please don't hesitate to reach out
we're always looking for fresh voices
and New Perspectives and if you're a
neoo holder please consider voting for
Neo news today as your Council
representative we've proudly been
serving the Neo ecosystem since 2017 and
will'll continue to do so by putting
portions of our Council rewards directly
back into ecosystem growth initiatives
with all that said thank you so much for
taking the time to tune in to the smart
economy podcast and we look forward to
catching you next time
sh